


<h1>Polski Test Przykładowy</h1>
 <p>Polski-Test was created out of a desire to learn; to learn React hooks and various functionalities and improve my frontend design skills while improving my Polish language skills and designing a tool that could be useful for others. The webapp offers an interactive version of the entire reading section of official Polish B1 certification exams from previous years.</p>
 <h3>Challenges and development</h3> <p>The first challenge was envisioning the available exercises as interactive, and then finding a way to apply my vision with code. The second challenge was making my components as <strong>reusable</strong> and efficient and possible. </p> <p>Some exercises were more challenging to implement than others. For example, exercises where the user had to fill in the blanks took me the most time to design and execute. The challenge was creating an exercise which made it easy enough for users to input the correct answer from a phrase box with the least effort and have it work seamlessly on devices. At first, I tried to implement a drag and drop feature for user interaction. However, when I realised its limited compatibility with phones, I reconsidered my approach. In the end, I resolved to provide users with the ability to select their desired choices by clicking on them. When clicked, a choice would be visually marked as selected, and then users could easily paste their selections into a designated space by clicking a button. Additionally, I incorporated a feature to reset the exercise if needed.</p> <p>I decided to keep my data in a <strong>JSON</strong> format whenever feasible and pass the information to my reusable components, which made adding more tests a very simple and quick process.</p> <p>Since I wanted to allow users to have an experience as close to taking the exam as possible, I added a timer that matches the allotted exam duration. I also added a scoring functionality to keep track of the users score using Redux Toolkit. </p> <h3>Conclusion</h3> <p>Working on this project taught me so much about planning, UI design, Reacthooks, Redux and much more.</p>


<h3>Demo:</h3>
https://polski-test.onrender.com/
